# archival-materials
archival materials related to the London Stage Information Bank, the basis for the London Stage Database<br>
<br>
Contents:<br>
LSP-data: contains files retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from 3.5" floppy disks held in the archives of Lawrence University in Appleton, WI, as well as modified version of README file uploaded with these files in 2015 to Minds@UW, the institutional repository of the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Data file extensions are .NPK and .LSP, but they can be opened using a plain text editor.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Advisory Board_1971.pdf: Agenda of and correspondence related to spring 1971 meeting of London Stage Information Bank Advisory Board, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Correspondence_1973-1980.pdf: Miscellaneous correspondence from the London Stage Information Bank project, 1973-1980, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Diagram_c1973.pdf: Hand-drawn diagram of project workflow for the London Stage Information Bank, circa 1973, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Funding_ACLS_1970.pdf: Correspondence related to the London Stage Information Bank project's funding from the American Council of Learned Societies, 1970, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Funding_NEH_1970.pdf: Correspondence related to the London Stage Information Bank project's funding from the U.S. National Endowment for the Humanities, 1970, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Funding_NSF_1972.pdf: Correspondence related to the London Stage Information Bank project's funding from the U.S. National Science Foundation, 1972, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Lawrentian_1971.pdf: Volume 90, No. 24 of The Lawrentian (30 April 1971), containing a write-up of the London Stage Information Bank project, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Newsletter_1971-1978.pdf: Seven issues of newsletter sent from 1971 to 1978 to parties interested in the London Stage Information Bank, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Photos.pdf: Photos of the London Stage Information Bank team, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Publishing_Agreements_1970-1974.pdf: Publishing agreements between the London Stage Information Bank project, Southern Illinois University Press, and the Society for Theatre Research, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Press_Clippings.pdf: Miscellaneous press clippings related to the London Stage Information Bank project, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Schneider_CV_c1980.pdf: Curriculum Vitae of Professor Ben R. Schneider Jr., including a list of London Stage Information Bank-related publications, circa 1980, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
LawrenceU_2014_Typist_Instructions_1971.pdf: Instructions for Hong Kong Data Systems typists transcribing marked-up copies of The London Stage 1660-1800 for use on the London Stage Information Bank project, 1971, retrieved by Mattie Burkert on 15 September 2014 from the Lawrence University Archives.<br>
